Goal: Take output mask and image from model and convert it into Universal VTT file format, that can be loaded into programs
such as foundry via already existing software to load UVTT files into however foundy stores map walls.

Walls in foundry are handled as a single line with endpoints on each side. Those endpoints can snap onto each other
so the walls connect seamlessly. On straight sections, one wall object down the entire length is fine, but on curved
objects, some aproximation of the curve will be needed - the centeral challenge there is making an aproximation that
uses the right amount of walls to follow the curve - too many hurts performence, too few looks bad (ideally this is
a tunable parameter so the user can pick according to their machine and how big the map is) - and we really don't want
walls jutting out of the curve into what's supposed to be playable space.

Walls will need to overlap and snap onto each other so there aren't any gaps, we need some sort of fuzzing so walls
that end close by can connect.

Doors will hook into the walls on either side of them, and ideally the door wall is a bit wider than the doorway
(this makes it easier for player characters to move their characters through the doorway).
This can probably be a tunable parameter?

Wall types:
Ordinary walls: Default foundry wall object
Doorss: Foundry wall object marked as a door, meaning players can click to open it. AFAIK they're treated the same
as doors by the canvas and UVTT files, same placement rules and all

Terrain walls: (special foundry wall type that allows players to see through one layer of wall, but not two, used for
marking columns and boulders and other stuff you can see but not see past.

Windows: Type of wall you can see through, usually just in line with other walls as part of a building.


Major strech goals, probably won't ever do:

Open Doors: Difficult case as how doors are drawn open on a map will vary by artist, and because the presense of an open
door means the door wall has to be placed in the doorway - not on the location of the open door. I can mask both the
door object as drawn on the map and the open doorway when making battlemap masks, so we have options on how to handle
this





